added docs seo tags for pages (#105)
dappforce/subsocial-docs: docs/develop/sdk/Installation.md

---
id: installation
title: Installation

> description: Subsocial JS SDK installation guide for building web3 social apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: A quick guide for installing Subsocial's JavaScript SDK that allows developers to easily build web3 social apps.
```
